README.md, before:

# Be4stBoard
The original Be4stSie Soundboard!

## About
This is a small soundboard webapp with sounds from Be4stSie!

Please note: I'm not a developer, it is *not* my job. That's why my code can be very sloppy!

## Features
Be4stBoard now only has one feature, the soundboard! However, you can find *all* the sources on the [sources] page!

Spoiler alert, new features are in the making!

## Be4stSie
Be4stSie is a good friend of mine, he makes YouTube videos and streams on Twitch.
Here are his socials:
- [YouTube]
- [Twitch]
- [Twitter]

He also has a Discord server! Check it out [here][Discord]!

## Contributing
If you want to request a sound to be added, please open up an issue in the ['Issues'][issues] tab, or send me a message on Discord!

## License
This project is licenced under the MIT License (see [here][license]). The voices are *not* licensed and belong to Be4stSie!

This basically means that you are allowed to use this software, build on it and distribute it. However, when distributing it, you must publish the part of your application that orginates from this project under the same (MIT) license! Again, the voices are licensed seperatly!

## Questions
If you have more questions, please leave them in the ['Discussions'][discussions] tab here on GitHub or send me a message on Discord.

## Contact
You can contact me on Discord, Thijs#3291.

[YouTube]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGkXvKfK6WwV4xMvsc5qIEw
[Twitch]: https://www.twitch.tv/be4stsie
[Twitter]: https://twitter.com/be4stsie
[Discord]: https://discord.com/invite/aq5r2UP
[license]: https://github.com/twboom/Be4stBoard/blob/main/LICENSE
[discussions]: https://github.com/twboom/Be4stBoard/discussions
[issues]: https://github.com/twboom/Be4stBoard/issues
[sources]: https://be4stboard.thijsboom.com/sources

Commit message:

Wrote a bit about the rewrite in the README

README.md, after:

# Be4stBoard
The original Be4stSie Soundboard!

## About
This is a small soundboard webapp with sounds from Be4stSie!

Please note: I'm not a developer, it is *not* my job. That's why my code can be very sloppy!

### Rewrite
Because I've learned so much since I last worked on this project I decided to rewrite it. You can follow the progress on the [Rewrite-branch][rewrite-branch] on the GitHub.

I'll be employing different techniques because, well, how Be4stBoard currently works is honestly stupid. On the rewrite I won't use frameworks, but Python will be used on server side to build the app on deploy. Still no fancy dynamic or database stuff...

## Features
Be4stBoard now only has one feature, the soundboard! However, you can find *all* the sources on the [sources] page!

Spoiler alert, new features are in the making!

## Be4stSie
Be4stSie is a good friend of mine, he makes YouTube videos and streams on Twitch.
Here are his socials:
- [YouTube]
- [Twitch]
- [Twitter]

He also has a Discord server! Check it out [here][Discord]!

## Contributing
If you want to request a sound to be added, please open up an issue in the ['Issues'][issues] tab, or send me a message on Discord!

## License
This project is licenced under the MIT License (see [here][license]). The voices are *not* licensed and belong to Be4stSie!

This basically means that you are allowed to use this software, build on it and distribute it. However, when distributing it, you must publish the part of your application that orginates from this project under the same (MIT) license! Again, the voices are licensed seperatly!

## Questions
If you have more questions, please leave them in the ['Discussions'][discussions] tab here on GitHub or send me a message on Discord.

## Contact
You can contact me on Discord, Thijs#3291.

[YouTube]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGkXvKfK6WwV4xMvsc5qIEw
[Twitch]: https://www.twitch.tv/be4stsie
[Twitter]: https://twitter.com/be4stsie
[Discord]: https://discord.com/invite/aq5r2UP
[license]: https://github.com/twboom/Be4stBoard/blob/main/LICENSE
[discussions]: https://github.com/twboom/Be4stBoard/discussions
[issues]: https://github.com/twboom/Be4stBoard/issues
[sources]: https://be4stboard.thijsboom.com/sources
